Clarify size of cloned / restored volumes (#452)
container-storage-interface/spec: spec.md

- Empty volumes. When plugin supports `CREATE_DELETE_VOLUME` OPTIONAL capability.
- From an existing snapshot. When plugin supports `CREATE_DELETE_VOLUME` and `CREATE_DELETE_SNAPSHOT` OPTIONAL capabilities.

>   SP SHOULD create a volume that looks like exact copy of the original snapshotted volume at the time the snapshot was taken.

Reviewer: > No, CO requested 2 GiB and SP MUST provide at least 2GiB. But it does not say anything about size of the actual filesystem on the volume. It may be (and IMO should) still be 1GiB. For filesystem volumes, containers will see only this 1 GiB filesystem.

Isnt this conflict with the example above? We should clarify the content should be the exact copy but SP can return with a larger size of Volume, although only a portion of it might be used

>   If the newly created volume is larger than the original volume and SP supports `EXPAND_VOLUME` node capability, CO SHOULD call `NodeExpandVolume` to make the extra space on the volume available to the workloads. 

Reviewer 2: Do we want to clarify that SP should return the size of the original volume? Also controller expand may also be called.

>   If the newly created volume is larger than the original volume and SP supports `EXPAND_VOLUME` node capability, CO SHOULD call `NodeExpandVolume` to make the extra space on the volume available to the workloads. 

Reviewer 3: should we say "original volume" or say - `VolumeContentSource` ?

Reviewer 4: I think usage of `volumeContentSource` is correct but with an additional mention that  `snapshot or PVC` as data source, because may be in future we may  have more data sources which dont support `restore` or `clone` operation ?

- Empty volumes. When plugin supports `CREATE_DELETE_VOLUME` OPTIONAL capability.
- From an existing snapshot. When plugin supports `CREATE_DELETE_VOLUME` and `CREATE_DELETE_SNAPSHOT` OPTIONAL capabilities.

>   The Plugin SHOULD create a volume that looks like exact copy of the original snapshotted volume at the time the snapshot was taken.

Reviewer 5: If feels to me like we could de-duplicate some of the language here and below, by including the requirements about resizing the filesystem in a later paragraph and referring to that twice in the list.

Also, why are we hedging with SHOULD? It feels like MUST would be appropriate here.

Author: Replaced with MUST and moved to a separate paragraph below.

@bswartz PTAL

- From an existing snapshot. When plugin supports `CREATE_DELETE_VOLUME` and `CREATE_DELETE_SNAPSHOT` OPTIONAL capabilities.
- From an existing volume. When plugin supports cloning, and reports the OPTIONAL capabilities `CREATE_DELETE_VOLUME` and `CLONE_VOLUME`.

> If CO requests a volume to be created from existing snapshot or volume and the requested size of the volume is larger than the original snapshotted (or cloned volume), the Plugin can either refuse such a call with `OUT_OF_RANGE` error or MUST provide a volume that, when presented to a workload by `NodePublish` call, has both the requested (larger) size and contains data from the snapshot (or original volume).

Reviewer 6: what if the restored file system not supported for resize at this moment, should Plugin return the same error code?

Author: already anwered by @jdef below, yes, OUT_OF_RANGE is IMO appropriate in this case too.

> Explicitly, it's responsibility of the Plugin to resize the filesystem of the volume at (or before) `NodePublish` call, if the volume has `VolumeCapability` `MountVolume` and the filesystem resize is required to have the larger volume usable by the workload.

Reviewer 7: ```suggestion
Explicitly, it's the responsibility of the Plugin to resize the filesystem of the newly created volume at (or before) the `NodePublish` call, if the volume has `VolumeCapability` access type `MountVolume` and the filesystem resize is required in order to provision the requested capacity.
```

| Source does not exist | 5 NOT_FOUND | Indicates that the specified source does not exist. | Caller MUST verify that the `volume_content_source` is correct, the source is accessible, and has not been deleted before retrying with exponential back off. |
| Volume already exists but is incompatible | 6 ALREADY_EXISTS | Indicates that a volume corresponding to the specified volume `name` already exists but is incompatible with the specified `capacity_range`, `volume_capabilities`, `parameters`, `accessibility_requirements` or `volume_content_source`. | Caller MUST fix the arguments or use a different `name` before retrying. |
| Unable to provision in `accessible_topology` | 8 RESOURCE_EXHAUSTED | Indicates that although the `accessible_topology` field is valid, a new volume can not be provisioned with the specified topology constraints. More human-readable information MAY be provided in the gRPC `status.message` field. | Caller MUST ensure that whatever is preventing volumes from being provisioned in the specified location (e.g. quota issues) is addressed before retrying with exponential backoff. |

> | Unsupported `capacity_range` | 11 OUT_OF_RANGE | Indicates that the capacity range is not allowed by the Plugin, for example when trying to create a volume smaller than the source snapshot or the Plugin does not support creating volumes larger than the source snapshot. More human-readable information MAY be provided in the gRPC `status.message` field. | Caller MUST fix the capacity range before retrying. |

Reviewer 8: source snapshot -> source snapshot or volume

Author: fixed

> | Unsupported `capacity_range` | 11 OUT_OF_RANGE | Indicates that the capacity range is not allowed by the Plugin, for example when trying to create a volume smaller than the source snapshot or the Plugin does not support creating volumes larger than the source snapshot or source volume. More human-readable information MAY be provided in the gRPC `status.message` field. | Caller MUST fix the capacity range before retrying. |

Reviewer 8: nit: there's another instance of this: "smaller than the source snapshot"
